= Ruku -- Roku™ set-top box remote control, command line and web interfaces

== Installation

  gem install ruku

== Usage

The following launches the web interface. See it at http://localhost:3030

  ruku --web

You can use this to scan for or add boxes and start controlling them. I recommend
using the keyboard (super snappy controlling!). Arrow keys (and vi directional
keys) work, Space plays and pauses, Enter selects, and Esc is home.

You can also just use the command line. Ruku needs to know about your Roku
box(es). If you haven't added any boxes with the web interface, try:

  ruku scan

This will try to scan your network to find boxes. Read on below if it didn't.
Assuming you have a least one box set up, you can start sending commands.

  ruku pause   # Play/pause
  ruku left
  ruku up
  ruku select
  ruku fwd     # Fast forward
  ruku back    # Rewind

Known commands are: up down left right select home fwd back pause

Making an alias for 'ruku pause' is nice for quick pause/play while computing.

If scanning doesn't work for adding boxes then you'll have to figure out what
the IP of the box is - it's available in Settings -> Player Info on the box.
Then add it manually:

  ruku add IP

Any method of adding boxes creates a '.ruku-boxes' file in your $HOME directory
that contains an IP or hostname per line (followed optionally by a colon and a
nickname for that box). You can edit or create this yourself. You can see all
known boxes with:

  ruku list

For more help:

  ruku --help

== Development

=== Source Repository

http://github.com/aaronroyer/ruku

Git clone URL is

* git://github.com/aaronroyer/ruku.git

=== Issues and Bug Reports

You can open issues at Github

* http://github.com/aaronroyer/ruku/issues

Or you can send me an email: aaronroyer@gmail.com

== Legal/Disclaimer

Roku and the Roku logo are trademarks of Roku Inc. in the United States and other countries.

Ruku is not made, supported, or endorsed by Roku Inc.

== License

Ruku is MIT licensed.

:include: MIT-LICENSE

= Other stuff

Author::   Aaron Royer <aaronroyer@gmail.com>
Requires:: Ruby 1.8.6 or later
License::  Copyright 2010 by Aaron Royer.
           Released under an MIT-style license.  See the LICENSE file
           included in the distribution.

== Warranty

This software is provided "as is" and without any express or
implied warranties, including, without limitation, the implied
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular
purpose.
